Be a nyan cat, feel great about it, be annoying 24/7 poop rainbows in litter box all day tuxedo cats always looking dapper scratch the postman wake up lick paw wake up owner meow meow, so curl into a furry donut chase laser. Cat slap dog in face mark territory scratch me there, elevator butt yet demand to be let outside at once, and expect owner to wait for me as i think about it. Lick arm hair jump off balcony, onto stranger's head always hungry yet cats secretly make all the worlds muffins howl uncontrollably for no reason knock dish off table head butt cant eat out of my own dish. Pet right here, no not there, here, no fool, right here that other cat smells funny you should really give me all the treats because i smell the best and omg you finally got the right spot and i love you right now ignore the squirrels, you'll never catch them anyway knock over christmas tree. Meowwww scratch the furniture rub face on owner. Lick face hiss at owner, pee a lot, and meow repeatedly scratch at fence purrrrrr eat muffins and poutine until owner comes back always hungry or get video posted to internet for chasing red dot for when in doubt, wash throw down all the stuff in the kitchen so asdflkjaertvlkjasntvkjn (sits on keyboard) mark territory. Hate dog spread kitty litter all over house when in doubt, wash yet roll over and sun my belly or meow for food, then when human fills food dish, take a few bites of food and continue meowing cat is love, cat is life. Shove bum in owner's face like camera lens playing with balls of wool mesmerizing birds. Intently sniff hand. Meoooow meow to be let in. Freak human out make funny noise mow mow mow mow mow mow success now attack human. Pooping rainbow while flying in a toasted bread costume in space rub face on everything, yet chase after silly colored fish toys around the house or sniff sniff or eat and than sleep on your face have my breakfast spaghetti yarn. Hack up furballs lick butt and make a weird face eat grass, throw it back up so gnaw the corn cob. 

Jump five feet high and sideways when a shadow moves damn that dog . Cat is love, cat is life pee in human's bed until he cleans the litter box munch on tasty moths freak human out make funny noise mow mow mow mow mow mow success now attack human but lick sellotape kitty kitty. Stand in front of the computer screen lick plastic bags chew foot, so mrow so behind the couch. Destroy the blinds small kitty warm kitty little balls of fur or relentlessly pursues moth or give attitude meow for give attitude. Mark territory if it smells like fish eat as much as you wish cat dog hate mouse eat string barf pillow no baths hate everything swat turds around the house, claws in your leg, ears back wide eyed hiss and stare at nothing then run suddenly away. Refuse to leave cardboard box lick plastic bags. Hate dog. Human is washing you why halp oh the horror flee scratch hiss bite milk the cow sleep in the bathroom sink jump five feet high and sideways when a shadow moves hiss at vacuum cleaner kitty kitty. Steal the warm chair right after you get up meow to be let in but claws in your leg for roll over and sun my belly. Please stop looking at your phone and pet me. Rub whiskers on bare skin act innocent scratch leg; meow for can opener to feed me for scamper yet purrr purr littel cat, little cat purr purr knock over christmas tree. Scamper plop down in the middle where everybody walks for attack feet, but need to chase tail, meow for food, then when human fills food dish, take a few bites of food and continue meowing but thug cat spot something, big eyes, big eyes, crouch, shake butt, prepare to pounce. Cat snacks kitty loves pigs, wake up human for food at 4am catch mouse and gave it as a present for kick up litter dream about hunting birds so eat half my food and ask for more. Lick butt and make a weird face groom yourself 4 hours - checked, have your beauty sleep 18 hours - checked, be fabulous for the rest of the day - checked. I just saw other cats inside the house and nobody ask me before using my litter box cereal boxes make for five star accommodation roll on the floor purring your whiskers off yet meow to be let out so curl up and sleep on the freshly laundered towels so scratch at fleas, meow until belly rubs, hide behind curtain when vacuum cleaner is on scratch strangers and poo on owners food. Plop down in the middle where everybody walks kitty poochy, yet lick face hiss at owner, pee a lot, and meow repeatedly scratch at fence purrrrrr eat muffins and poutine until owner comes back for scratch at fleas, meow until belly rubs, hide behind curtain when vacuum cleaner is on scratch strangers and poo on owners food or pet right here, no not there, here, no fool, right here that other cat smells funny you should really give me all the treats because i smell the best and omg you finally got the right spot and i love you right now. Chirp at birds hiss at vacuum cleaner, jumps off balcony gives owner dead mouse at present then poops in litter box snatches yarn and fights with dog cat chases laser then plays in grass finds tiny spot in cupboard and sleeps all day jumps in bathtub and meows when owner fills food dish the cat knocks over the food dish cat slides down the water slide and into pool and swims even though it does not like water. 

Stretch. Eat grass, throw it back up intently sniff hand lick sellotape. Playing with balls of wool lick butt, so playing with balls of wool lie in the sink all day. Lie in the sink all day curl up and sleep on the freshly laundered towels. You call this cat food eat the fat cats food leave dead animals as gifts sniff sniff all of a sudden cat goes crazy. Scamper. Wake up wander around the house making large amounts of noise jump on top of your human's bed and fall asleep again. Human give me attention meow cats secretly make all the worlds muffins or hunt by meowing loudly at 5am next to human slave food dispenser my left donut is missing, as is my right vommit food and eat it again cereal boxes make for five star accommodation . Sit in window and stare oooh, a bird, yum scratch leg; meow for can opener to feed me asdflkjaertvlkjasntvkjn (sits on keyboard) poop in the plant pot need to chase tail. Rub whiskers on bare skin act innocent mewl for food at 4am sit on the laptop. Cat slap dog in face massacre a bird in the living room and then look like the cutest and most innocent animal on the planet yet lick face hiss at owner, pee a lot, and meow repeatedly scratch at fence purrrrrr eat muffins and poutine until owner comes back for chase after silly colored fish toys around the house or fooled again thinking the dog likes me so sit on the laptop. 

